Project01/README.md, before:

# CS 1XA3 Project01 - tun1

## USAGE
   Execute the script from the project root with:
   * chmod +x CS1XA3/Project01/project_analyze.sh
   * ./CS1XA3/Project01/project_analyze.sh
   
   *Note:* You don't need to type in any argument, after executing the script, there will be user prompt guiding to the next steps 

## Feature 01

## Feature 02: FIXME Log
    Description:
    Execution:
    Reference: 
        * The idea on how to find a word in the last line of a file is from: https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/213610/find-last-line-of-a-file-for-matching-string?rq=1

## Feature 03:
    Description: This feature finds the latest commit that has the word "merge" in its commit message
    Execution: Execute this feature by typing '3' when being asked for which feature to be executed.
    Reference: 
        * The idea on how to list the commit objects is taken from the Git Pro book: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-rev-list

## Feature 04:
    Description:
    Execution:
    Reference:
        * https://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/linux-ls-command-sort-by-file-size/

## Feature 05:
    Description:
    Execution:
    Reference:
        https://www.2daygeek.com/how-to-count-files-by-extension-in-linux/

Commit message:

modify README.md, project_analyze.sh and add a few files

Project01/README.md, after:

# CS 1XA3 Project01 - tun1

## USAGE
   Execute the script from the project root with:
   * chmod +x CS1XA3/Project01/project_analyze.sh
   * ./CS1XA3/Project01/project_analyze.sh
   
   **Note:** 
   * You don't need to type in any argument, after executing the script, there will be user prompt guiding to the next steps 
    * Enter 1, 2, 3,... corresponding to the feature you want to execute

## Feature 1

## Feature 2: FIXME Log
    Description: This feature finds every file in the repository folder and subfolders and put a list of the file names in CS1XA3/Project01/fixme.log
    Execution: Execute this feature by typing `2` when you are prompted with the statement `Enter the feature to be executed (this is Feature 1): `
    Reference: 
        * The idea on how to find a word in the last line of a file is from: https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/213610/find-last-line-of-a-file-for-matching-string?rq=1

## Feature 3: Checkout Latest Merge
    Description: This feature finds the latest commit that has the word "merge" in its commit message
    Execution: Execute this feature by typing `3` when you are prompted with the statement `Enter the feature to be executed (this is Feature 1): `
    Reference: 
        * The idea on how to list the commits is from the Git Pro book: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-rev-list

## Feature 4: File Size List
    Description: This feature lists all files in the repo and their sizes in human readable format from largest to smallest
    Execution: Execute this feature by typing `4` when you are prompted with the statement `Enter the feature to be executed (this is Feature 1): `
    Reference:
        * The idea on how to use `ls` to list in human readable format and sort from largest to smallest is from: https://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/linux-ls-command-sort-by-file-size/

## Feature 5:
    Description: This feature asks the user to enter an extension and outputs the number of files in the repo with that extension
    Execution: Execute this feature by typing `5` when you are prompted with the statement `Enter the feature to be executed (this is Feature 1): `
    Reference:
        https://www.2daygeek.com/how-to-count-files-by-extension-in-linux/
